---
title: Blog 1
layout: post
author: liam.potter
permalink: /blog-1/
source-id: 1zxslwW8KOaA1iwZFpRkxK8ZZRJqrqfIHil1r1zLqkls
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Getting Started</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Exercise 1.1</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target For this lesson</td>
    <td>To successfully complete exercise 1.1 and start the next exercise</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> I was able to complete my task this lesson while i did get reasonably confused at a point I did eventually understand with the help of my partner Spencer Norways.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think my most effective strategy for working and discovering new things was experimenting with the program and trying again and again until I get it correct. Which in my opinion worked very very well until we got deeper into the Exercise 1.1 and code I had to be more careful or it would take to long to complete and reset which made me focus more and more.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that when setting up the computer I got to confused and in struggle (luckily later two classmates helped me set this up) as well as this I think if I had spent more time reading the manual then experimenting i could've got much more done.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time the only major thing that i will change is my comparison of reading the manual compared to learning and experimenting on the source code creator.

Overall despite the slight lack of improvement I did it was very fun and I did learn how to properly setup the computer and because of the time that I spent setting up the computer to actual code work will greatly improve in the next lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


