---
title: Blog 9
layout: post
author: liam.potter
permalink: /blog-9/
source-id: 1T3m6mOo2EScECv7EnZ89X-eP8JI0F50PaWMRmIBnMWk
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title:</td>
    <td>What was happening while I was Ill. I researched about blog making.</td>
    <td>Date:</td>
    <td>29/11/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>No Start.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Not to change it to my blog, but find a way to change the background to images on my website.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>No I did not reach my goal as all of the websites I looked at did have examples but all were to advanced for me and used new parts of code that I did not understand.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Unlike experimentation which I say most weeks is the route I take, but this week I decided to just use a more deep digging nature as the answer I was looking for and sadly did not find was unlikely to be on the surface of a website or easy to find so I tried to look at everything on a website and look at the website that those parts where contributing to.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that recently I did get a new adapter for our wifi which helps it work better but before that when I was doing this research it was very time consuming to do all of the research and still have the delay of the wifi not working. But luckily this is now fixed and I won't be having this problem in the future. Hopefully.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Hopefully next time I won't have a chest infection and be forced to take the day Of for that would highly benefit me and the development of the code that me and Spencer have spent so long working on.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


