---
title: Blog 7
layout: post
author: liam.potter
permalink: /blog-7/
source-id: 1TG1RFSPee1ieiDrF2OQZkyqkKBVK0XfnNs80uJoxcRg
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Space Invaders Animating</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>15/11/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>the Start Of Exercise 1-4</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To Understand the Basics Of Exercise 1-4</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes I did thanks to the instructions on the right side of the page I learnt how to create code such as the ones that we were using.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that I took a lot more time to do the work and read all of the info although I didn't get as far into the exercise as usual but I did learn the basics of how I was supposed to be doing it and what it all meant when finished. This I think overall helped me as usually I skip parts of the writing and don't learn about what I'm writing and what it all means so I think that this was the most beneficial lesson that I’ve had so far.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think as my partner Spencer Norways was ill for this lesson it slowed me down and made me a bit more confused but as I was having troubles with that the people next to me who were a bit further ahead showed me what it all meant and that made me more confident and I think perform better even when under pressure of failure.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Hopefully my partner Spencer will be in school next week but for the work and mindset that I was in I don't want to change at all as although in the book I didn't progress that much in what I was actually trying to learn I learnt a lot and I think in the future that will benefit and curse me in a lot of ways.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


