---
title: Blog 4
layout: post
author: liam.potter
permalink: /blog-4/
source-id: 1HBh6GbuBUOp8jLNuwvyL-qg1RVYhnd9Syfhgumwiw5E
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Work from Home</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>27/09/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Editing My Website</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To create a working website to post my blogs on to</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> I did not reach my goal in this lesson as even though I tried my best to edit all the code I had for my website me not using Jekyll Now and instead using a theme called Diezcami-Polar-Bear which was much more confusing and had much more script to edit and of which was wrong.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that experimentation was the most helpful factor in my learning as it helped me find out the certain mishaps in my code but as well as this because I was experimenting a lot with my code it was also generating more problems than it was resolving so that was particularily annoying especially as overall there were so many problems some with the original code and some I had brought in while trying to fix it that I had tyo completely delte the save and start over which got rid of all of my small edits across the whole of last year which I spent a consierable amount of time working on. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that as I d not have a very fast laptop my work was slowed down and it made me avoid certain small mistakes which I would usually realise on either my dads laptop or a school laptop/computer. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> next time as I will have a totally new website to work with I will use more inventive ideas like containers or allowing tables to be used as I think it will give a better aesthetic to the overall website design but also I would hope that I don't get as emotional and angry when I try lots of things and it doesn't work I should just ask either my dad or mum as when I did try that he was able to fix the problem almost immediatly. </td>
  </tr>
</table>




