---
title: Blog 19
layout: post
author: liam.potter
permalink: /blog-19/
source-id: 13TfPPVku2swsSkD7Hi_5MtNK2M-TtrQXOSejUG3neDU
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title:</td>
    <td>Blog Review</td>
    <td>Date:</td>
    <td>15/3/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>My blog before-hand.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To fix the things that I have been asked to fix.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>I did and did not as I was asked to do more than just one thing and it may take a while to do all of those things.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that doing research helped me the most which was just in front of my friends helping me but that always came after. I say this as without certain websites like W3SCHOOLS I wouldn't be able to do certain things like make a table or a background image instead of just colour which in my opinion is a bit boring.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This lesson what limited my learning was that I was just rushing when creating my blog and didn’t go slowly and do it a step at a time which I should’ve done to make my blog less chaotic and out of place. Also this is extremely minor but when Mr Keen our teacher was checking everyone’s blog I was second to last which meant that I lost out on about 5-10 minutes of potential blog work.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>As I previously mentioned being last did limit me but that was very minor so besides from that I do not think that anything halted my progress and that I worked reasonably productively throughout the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


