---
title: Yr9 Blog 2
layout: post
author: liam.potter
permalink: /yr9-blog-2/
source-id: 1SRKWSVkxanT3Pkh7a2QpD8viLZQ69Rtjo31bKV2w6V8
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title:</td>
    <td>Second YR9 Lesson with REPL.it</td>
    <td>Date:</td>
    <td>6/12/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Second Lesson Back with REPL.IT</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To improve my usage of loops.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Not as I had hoped as I got stuck on lots of the given questions which subsequently lessened my lesson time in class. Due to this I don't think I performed to my best ability in the lesson. As well as the fact that during the lesson I was quite confused.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>At the start of the lesson my teacher gave a very helpful talk on what we were doing and what it meant and even though he went over it a couple of times I was still confused on how to apply it to my work. I was going to ask him in the lesson but I was stopped by the fact that lots of other people aso had questions and by the end of the lesson more people than just myself had questions that were unanswered.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The thing that most limited my learning was my confusion from the talk he gave which meant that by that point I didn't understand vital parts of the coding language and subsequently didn’t do the work correctly. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time hopefully I will be more independant and work out the work for myself which I should’ve done in the lesson rather than relying on my Teacher for guidance on everything that I needed.

https://sites.google.com/challoners.org/computing-resources/home
Computing Resources.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


My Homework :

My Laptop Was Glitching so I did the answers on my Blog Post:

Question 1

No

Yes

Yes

Yes

Question 2

10

20

19

20

Question 3

While()

For()

While()

For()

Question 4 

Part A

money = 100

while money < 100:

  print("Put More Money In Me")

  for money in range (100):

	break

Part B

months = 12

while months != 12:

  for months in range(12):

	print("Pay")

  break

