---
title: Blog 14
layout: post
author: liam.potter
permalink: /blog-14/
source-id: 1F5GgINQRiICS-7gdwOtxCTJIXss-6zjwd2HyDb53GwU
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title:</td>
    <td>Python 3rd lesson</td>
    <td>Date:</td>
    <td>30/01/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>19%</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To get 23% into Python</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>No I only got to 20% due to the final exercise on one of the stages which completely through me and my partners into a whole storm of confusion and failed attempts which luckily for homework I completed with thanks to my Dad who is especially good at this sort of thing.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Experimentation. This was my way to work this lesson and although most weeks I say Teamwork this lesson I think that experimenting with different things really helped me as although these ideas wouldn't always work I could still learn from them and what I did wrong inside them which overall lead me to the answer in the stage given.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>As I have mentioned previously the final exercise I did held me back the most as I easily spent around 10-15 minutes on it which could’ve been spent much more efficiently. But despite this I think that the exercise in question did actually benefit me more than hinder me as I really learnt the time and precision I will need to do well in IT.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will not change anything as I think I worked very efficiently but I just didn’t get as far as I usually do or would like to.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


