---
title: Blog 5
layout: post
author: liam.potter
permalink: /blog-5/
source-id: 1908XsNdUsDid-pZ_nVod0VjvN8YnPX8PfhYjFoqci0A
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Finishing the Apples</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Exercise 1.2 </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Starting Exercise 1.3</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>yes I did reach my goal in the lesson as I got past Exercise 1.2 and onto exercise 1.3 </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today we learned how to get really far on the code quickly and we did not get distracted from the work too much which was really good as we got very far in Exercise 1.3 and learnt a lot about how simple code can get is to places and improve the speed of our work we did very well and I found out how to fix the problems in code if I don't see it at first glance.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Overall I think that I worked very well in the lesson as I got very far and improved a lot from last lesson. All of the aspects went well for working and I was able to do this very well and quickly. Even though we are not extremely far me and Spencer are improving the time it takes for us to complete exercises and get onto the next part of code.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will improve my learning by constantly saving the work every 2 lines of code because it takes a lot of time to re-write all of the code which we could be spending on finding out new parts of the Raspberry PI devices and the code which helps us learn. But despite this overall next lesson I want it to be similar as that worked very well for us in our work on the computers and the code.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


