---
title: Yr9 blog 3
layout: post
author: liam.potter
permalink: /yr9-blog-3/
source-id: 1M6Gx-02fUPJ8EDU9ObhAVrz_TzOKQ7_QUZb_cHaCycU
published: true
---
Over the holidays I thought I would do a different type of Blog

In defence of Comic Sans.

Text is important but never naked, each text has its clothing or it's typeface. You always need a typeface in all things like in youtube the font is Ariel and my favourite font is 'wingdings’ because it is a fun and random font which in my opinion shows us how insignificant are words are compared to their sounding counterparts. But now let's talk about the most hated font, something that on twitter was more complained about than Justin Bieber, something that has a game with an aim to kill it, something that people have made long websites complaining about, our star of the show Comic Sans MS, firstly Adrian Frutiger said that typeface designers are like dress designers and Alan Fletcher famously said that a typeface is the alphabet in a straight jacket.

Lots of typefaces have serif's and can be shown to be neutral like 'helvetica’ or ‘curlz MT’ which is silly or ugly typefaces such as ‘papyrus’. But Comic Sans MS is  easily the most used font of all time and designers scoff at it and say that only the common would use it. 

But due to its unpopularity it has actually become popular, which is shown by David O'Reilly’s T-shirt designs, as well as Irony 'The British Dyslexia Association’ says that Comic Sans MS is a very good font for kids with reading disabilities due to it’s easily distinguishable characters.

Fun Fact Textura was the first ever typeface which was on metal pieces that were made in Foundries which related to Fondue which means melted which drops the 'due' to make font.As well as this Italians discovered that you could fit more words on a page if they were slanted which is where Italics comes from ital-ics.

Now back to Comic Sans which was designed in 1994 by Vincent Connare and he was asked to do this by Melinda Gates for the cartoon dog n Microsoft Bob, Connare finished in 3 days and called it Comic Sans. Eventually it wasn't put in microsoft bob but was uploaded to Word. due to ut’s simplicity it got on lot’s of things like homemade Birthday cards which led to it being used in more inappropriate places like on the Australian Embassy and Gravestones, but this isn’t Comic Sans’ fault. Font’s don’t disappoint people, people disappoint people.

